online webpacker assets compilation fix (#3178)
3scale/porta: INSTALL.md

## Asset compilation

> In development, assets are compiled automatically when a page is requested from rails. To allow online updates when an asset file changes, start:

Reviewer: I don't think I get the "online" updates part. According to rails documentation the right term is _live code reloading_. So maybe:

```suggestion
In development, assets are compiled automatically on demand when a Rails page loads. If you want to use [live code reloading](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/webpacker.html#running-webpacker-in-development) you'll need to run:
```
